---
layout: event
title: "UALUG Installfest and Information Day – 2nd May, 10am – 5pm"
author: toniosm
published: true
---

#### This post is an archive cross-post from the old UALUG website. Links might be broken.

The University of Auckland Linux User Group are proud to announce our
1st Installfest for the new UALUG incarnation. For those of you that are
new to the Open Source world an Installfest is basically an event
during which experienced Linux users are on hand to help those that want
to get started with using Free and Open Source Software.

The event will start with a couple of talks from members of the LUG on
how to get started installing Linux on your computer and a demo session
of machines running various Linux distributions. The rest of the day
will be taken up with the Installfest proper, during which members of
the LUG will be on hand to help out and provide general technical
support. The will also be free CDROMs of various Linux distributions
available for you to install at home.

If you are interested in Free and Open Source alternatives to
proprietary software please feel free to come along and find out more.
If you would like to have a go at installing Linux on your computer
(Laptop or Desktop) please bring it along.

The event will be held in the **[Department of Electrical and Computer
Engineering Briefing Room (Rm#: 303.257), 2nd Floor, University of
Auckland Science Centre, Princes St, Auckland](http://www.openstreetmap.org/?lat=-36.852716&lon=174.76798&zoom=18&layers=B000FTF) on the
2nd May 2010 from 10am - 5pm**. Follow the UALUG signs to find the room.
Doors will be open from 10am - 11am, with instructions left at the door
for those who arrive after this.

If you have any questions about the event please contact Rob via
**rob@webworxshop.com**.